everyone Preston here for I am Brian and
today I have a tool i would like to
share with you hopefully that you can
use within your resources called pre
loaders net if any of you have seen pre
loaders on the web across different type
of lead form capture sites you'll notice
that before a visitor is served a list
of matching offers a lot of times they
will be presented with a preloader that
will cycle several times before it then
redirects and shows the visitor their
matching offers these pre loaders
elevate the perceived sense of value
that the customer or visitor is
experiencing as they're sitting there
engaged with your site you can use all
types of different scripts like mex mine
geo or other type of scripts that can
say finding your best matches in Kansas
City or finding the best scholarships in
Houston Texas whatever the case may be
you can really heighten the sense of
that perceived value by using pre
loaders and different types of
customizable scripts that being said i
came across freeloaders net which will
allow you to create your own preloader
different sizes different shapes and you
can also customize the animation speed
and even the color so that it matches
the aesthetics of your website if we
navigate over to pre loaders net you'll
see that right now I am inside of the
letters numbers in words category but
let's go over to something that we
routinely see and that are and those are
horizontal bars it's probably the most
common alongside with the animated
spinning circles if we go to the top
right and we're in horizontal bars and
we click this down arrow we are then
presented a huge list of customizable
horizontal pre loaders some of them are
already done in a really nice color but
you can always go in in most cases and
adjust that let's pick one down here
that we see routinely which are these
loading docks that I see a lot of times
and if we click that it's going to then
load it in the selected loader then
gives us the option of choosing the
image type i'm going to choose gift and
then we can choose transparent
background or no i'm going to go with
transparent background because i'm one
of my sites i would like to use this
I've got a gradient so I don't want to
have a white background behind those
scrolling dots my foreground color is a
blue which I've loaded here and I can
actually pick a different blue we can do
that right now so I'll go in here and
choose this my background color I'm
going to use a slight slightly grainy
grayish white I'm going to go down a
little bit animation speed on the leave
at default size i'm going to leave and
then i'm going to click generate
preloader now I do this you'll notice
what a really really nice preloader we
get that is of the same format but is
different colors now I chose these
colors because this is what's going to
work with my website in pre-law resnet
gives you the availability to adjust
these colors and these different
settings like animation speed which is
really really cool if you want to just
leave it as default you can go back here
to keep original colors and you can
regenerate the preloader and then right
below here you can see there's a
download button so you can click this
download it'll save it to your desktop
you can then take that animation and
upload it to your server and then on
your page that stands in between your
visitor and your matching offers you can
create a preloader page that either uses
meta refresh metairie direct or you can
also choose your own type of script if
you're not using a meta refresh
redirecting scrimp you can do whatever
you need to do to accommodate how
complex your lead form is or how complex
your site is everyone it's going to be
it's going to vary so some people will
have very very detailed leap forms that
scan and look at for what is is put into
the input boxes or what is selected and
then makes a call to a database and then
derives matching offers based upon the
information that was put into the form
or you can have something very simple
like a lead capture form and then after
they put in their name or email it's
going to put a preloader that's going to
cycle a couple times refresh and pull up
a page with
offers however complex or however simple
you can certainly use pre loaders and I
really think they heightened sense of
perceived value and really engage with
that visitor letting them know we have
received your information we are now
loading the offers that match what you
put in I think they're great and you
routinely seen them across the web and
this is a great place to go get them
let's real quickly look over here at
Circular spinners because these are the
two categories that I play in horizontal
bars and circular spinners and again we
just go over to the top right we click
the down arrow and you'll see there are
some commonly used spinners that we see
across the web all the time like this
one are you going to do is load it up
click generate preloader and there it is
so pre loaders net it's a resource that
everybody can use especially if you're
building your own sites your own
long-term sites I would invite you to
join our private forum if you have not
we routinely talk about different tools
tips tactics strategies on a daily basis
we're also building campaigns and
sharing trade secrets inside of our
private forums if you'd like to join us
please look anywhere on the hi I'm grind
site and you will certainly find a link
that says private forums or one of our
banners that will take you there that
being said thank you so much for your
attention I'm pressing with IM grind and
i will see you in the next video and
best of luck to you all of your
endeavors see you guys bye